[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The first stop
on Luffy's journey is
Fishman Island, thousands
of feet below sea level,
where his crew becomes
involved in a civil war.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
The enemy captures
Zoro, Usopp, and Brook,
trapping them at
the Ryugu Palace
while the other Straw Hats
meet in the Sea Forest.
[LUFFY] Get outta my way.
I gotta go save my friends!
And when I'm done,
I'm kicking Hordy's ass!
I told you not to
get involved with him!
[LUFFY] "Something Has
Happened to Hordy!
The True Power
of the Evil Drug!"
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AA]
It's time to show
the island who's boss!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE BB]
That's right!
All we gotta do
is kill the king.
Once that's done, the royal
army'll surrender fast!
And if Neptune's dead, Fishman
Island's gonna need a new ruler!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B chuckles]
I can't wait!
[chuckling]
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, at Candy Factory Town
in the center of the island.
Boss Daruma? Hey, you okay?
He's chewing right through
the factory walls!
Yeah, like it was nothing!
[FISHMEN yelling]
My fangs itch for more! [laughs]
Huh?
What's this crap?
I don't want some trendy
cappuccino latte thing
or fancy sponge cake
when I'm hungry!
That junk's not real food!
What in the hell do I look like?
I-I'm sorry, Boss!
I'll get something else!
That's good,
because you're starting
to look pretty tasty yourself!
For a snack, I like fish bones
and I like 'em big! Now go!
Uh, sure thing!
Big fish bones, I got it!
Nevermind. I'm gonna go whet
my appetite on some soldiers
and maybe the royal family, too!
I guess I'll see the rest of
you bums at Conchcorde Plaza!
Don't you dare be late!
We all have to be there!
What should we do
about the citizens?
Come on.
Did you morons pay attention
to a word Captain Hordy said?
He told us, "No more
stepping on her picture."
[laughs] Leave 'em
alone for now!
Those losers'll get what's
coming to them soon enough!
[DARUMA laughs]
[FISHMEN murmuring]
[FISHMEN gasping]
How are we supposed to
stand up to these guys?
Including Hordy,
the New Fishman Pirates have
four shark Fishmen as officers,
and a giant squid Fishman.
Not to mention their bodyguard
is a blue-ringed octopus merman
known as the best swordsman
on the entire island!
I think the Neptune brothers are
the only hope we've got left.
Then all we can do
is keep the faith.
Pu-wink.
[NARRATOR] At Waterwheel Town
in the island's northern region.
[FISHMAN E]
Did you hear?
The Princes are making their
way to Conchcorde Plaza!
[FISHMAN F]
This country's in such a mess!
Tell me about it.
All we wanted to do
was improve our relationship
with the humans.
There's no reason to
threaten everyone
with death like
some kind of madman!
And on top of those threats,
they wanna execute the king.
Maybe Hordy will be willing
to bargain with us.
After all, we've got
his men held hostage.
Held hostage?
Your plan isn't going to work.
Boss Hordy would rather you
cut us downsun than negotiate.
He's more ruthless than
the other Fishman Pirates.
It's why he looks
downsun on the rest of us.
This can't be good.
Ever since the
princes defeated him,
Officer Dosun's power level
has dropped to "downsun."
Now he's just weak and gloomy.
[FISHMAN PIRATE GG] Lemme
give him an Energy Steroid.
[DOSUN] Thinking about
it just brings me downsun.
It's depressing!
[DOSUN grunts]
Sometimes Hordy
makes me frownsun.
Huh?
Hordy doesn't like Fishmen who
do business with human pirates.
He'll give them the
bumpsun without mercy.
[FISHWOMAN A]
"Bumpsun"?
[DOSUN] All those Fishmen
who donated their blood
to help out wounded humans--
he gave them the old whumpsun
in the dark of night.
[FISHMAN H]
"Whumpsun"?
Hordy believes that human
blood is naturally tainted,
and whenever we receive their
blood or offer them our own,
we dosun our pure
blood a disservice!
He's back to saying "dosun" now!
[DOSUN]
Any Fishman who supports humans
is a traitor and
needs to be punished!
Our people will never be able
to advance with them in our way!
All right, that's enough!
I'm gonna go whamsun on you!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
He's higher than "dosun"!
[FISHMAN AA]
The chains are shattered!
You bastard!
[DOSUN yells]
[AMMO KNIGHTS scream]
[FISHMAN I] He knocked
them out with one swing!
Fukaboshi! I'll get
you back with a slamsun!
[FISHMEN shouting]
Then I'll smash your face
with a big fat boomsun!
[DOSUN yelling]
[FISHMEN shouting]
My enemies will face doomsun!
Head to the Conchcorde Plaza
for the execution! Let's move!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Yeah!
[NARRATOR]
At the south part of the island
in front of the
Fishman Cultural Hall.
[HYOUZOU sighs]
Huh? Who are you callin' drunk?
Oh, yeah, that's right, it's me.
This isn't funny anymore, Boss!
Pull yourself together! You're
in no shape to fight like that!
I think you worry too much, pal!
Relax, drinks are on
the house! It's my treat!
That's not important right now!
Fukaboshi is leading Neptune's
army into the plaza!
We have to be ready for them!
Even worse, if things go bad,
Jimbei might even
show up to fight!
This isn't a joke, Boss!
It's no use. He's weak as a sea
cucumber and just as slippery.
Huh? Well, I'll be!
How'd you get your head
spinnin' around like that?
I'm standing still!
How drunk are you?
This is awful. I doubt
Hyouzou can even hold his sword.
[HYOUZOU]
Pfft, sure I can!
Get away from him immediately!
I'm serious!
Hyouzou will slice into anyone
and everyone when
he's this drunk!
Make a run for it!
He'll slice anyone?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groan]
He attacked his own guys?
[HYOUZOU chuckles]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES scream]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
See? I can fight just
fine. Right, boys?
[HYOUZOU chuckles]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
Uh, hey, Hyouzou!
Why don't you go to the plaza?
There you can cut up the royal
family as much as you want! Huh?
[HYOUZOU]
I, uh... no... wh-- Uh...
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Wha--
What is that even
supposed to mean?
[ZEO chuckles]
[NARRATOR]
At the Marine Shopping Mall
in the east part of the island.
[FISHMAN J]
We're former soldiers of Neptune
and proud of it!
You won't take this country
as long as we're around!
[FISHMAN J yelling]
Huh? What? Where'd he go?
[FISHMAN J groaning]
[FISHMEN groaning]
Where is he?
[FISHMAN N gasps, groans]
[FISHMAN O]
Hold still!
He disappeared again!
Damn it, did anyone
see where he went?
[FISHMAN P groans]
[FISHMAN O groans]
[ZEO] You think you pathetic
civilians stand a chance?
You're dumber than I thought.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K] Heh!
Boss Zeo can blend in perfectly
with his surroundings
to camouflage himself.
Just like a chameleon!
He might be on our side,
but even we have trouble
figuring out where he is!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K chuckles]
What? This is unfair!
How are we supposed to fight
someone we can't even see?
[ZEO]
You might as well start begging
for the Neptune Brothers
to bail you out.
Without them, you're finished.
[FISHMAN R yelps]
[ZEO] Though frankly, don't
expect them to last long either.
Oh, well. Time to
finish you off.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L]
Whoa! A roach!
Hurry up! Kill it!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES grunting]
That was weird. All of
a sudden, he stopped talking.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K]
Did we get it? Is it dead?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L]
Yeah. We got it.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
[ZEO]
You fools have nowhere to run.
It's only a matter of time
before we hunt you all down.
There's no escaping our wrath!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K] He's
talking like nothing happened!
We just beat him to
a pulp! What class!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L]
No wonder he's called the Noble
of the Fishman District!
[ZEO]
Prepare for the revolution.
Later on today
at Conchcorde Plaza...
[ZEO] ...the Neptune family will
die, and a new king will rise.
Now, let's head
to the execution!
[ZEO coughs]
[HORDY groans]
What's wrong, Captain?
You're not hurt, are you?
Don't worry about it.
You sure?
I'm fine! Just bring me more
pills! As many as we have!
But that could kill you! [gasps]
We want you to get better,
but taking more pills
is not the way!
You're already way over
the limit, Boss!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES murmuring]
Want your head crushed in?
Then fall back in
line and shut up!
Captain! There's
no need for this!
We already have
King Neptune hostage!
Victory's right in front of us!
Just give your body a rest!
Listen to us! You're
pushing yourself too hard!
[HORDY grunts]
[HORDY groaning]
Get out of the way, Jimbei!
I don't have time for this!
I will not!
Fishman problems should
be handled by Fishmen!
There is no reason why
this should be so difficult
for you to understand!
[LUFFY] Shut up! I don't
give a damn about the beef
the Fishmen and humans have!
Especially not when my
friends are in danger!
[JIMBEI]
I can rescue your friends!
Your interference will
do more harm than good!
[JIMBEI, LUFFY grunt]
They both wanna help out,
so why are they arguing so much?
Their fighting
isn't doing any good!
[BOTH grunting]
[FUKABOSHI] How much longer
before we arrive at the plaza?
[AMMO KNIGHT C]
Less than an hour, sir!
[AMMO KNIGHT A] Executing
the king at Conchcorde Plaza
feels calculated. Why not
just do it at the palace?
I think Hordy might be trying
to lure you princes into a trap!
That is no concern to me.
I look forward to this fight.
I will not let them
murder our father!
And I refuse to let our
citizens' hearts and minds
become closed off after
all we've worked for!
Jimbei kept Hordy
under his watchful eye,
and now I see that we should
have taken note of that.
He's probably the
reason human pirates
have stopped coming
here as well--
an issue we should have
investigated sooner.
Say, do you think Shirahoshi is
still in the Hard Shell Tower?
We haven't heard anything
about sis in a while
and it's really starting
to bug me-fa-so-la!
How did you feel
about the Straw Hats?
'Cause I didn't think
they were bad people.
Madam Sharley said that
they'd destroy the country,
but so far, they seem like
the least of our worries.
They have caused
their share of trouble,
but they may be victims, too.
That's what I think.
Straw Hat's Jimbei's friend,
and the mermaids didn't
have a problem with them.
And frankly, their
judgment is rarely wrong.
Agreed, but this is not the time
nor the place to
ponder such questions!
Right. We need
to focus-so-la-ti-do!
[FUKABOSHI] Summon every soldier
that the country has to offer!
We're going to save
our king at any cost!
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Yes, sir!
[IKAROS grunts]
[NARRATOR]
At Fishverly Hills
in the northeast
part of the island.
[SEA BEAR A snarls]
He's too tough!
Damn it! We shouldn't
be having this much trouble
fighting against
just one sea monster!
But then again, it seems
something is amiss.
[SEA BEAR A snarls]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Q laughs]
Look at these fools.
Serves them right! All right,
Sea King, keep it up!
--[SEA BEAR A roars]
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
Ahh! The Energy Steroids
are makin' him crazy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R]
Hey! Calm down, Sea Bear!
That's enough! The soldiers
are barely alive.
Our job here is done!
Use this! Sea Kings
don't like fire.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R]
Stay back!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R grunts]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R]
Uhh...
[IKAROS]
Roar!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[IKAROS]
Roar!
What the...?
I don't think his arms are
supposed to bend back like that!
He must be under
some kind of a curse!
You idiot! Put out
that fire right away! Hii!
Hot! Hot! Hot!
Huh? You said
something about fire?
[IKAROS yells]
What are you trying to do,
cook up some smoked squid?
You think we'd eat you?
Oh, the fire.
You were trying to roast me
and have me with
a glass of saké. Hii.
When I recover, I'll kill you!
Who'd wanna do that?
You're crazy!
Oh, sorry, sir.
Careful. I heard about
how one of Ikaros's
best friends was a giant squid.
One day he swam
too close to the sun.
Before you know it,
he was a giant dried squid!
That's why Ikaros freaks
out when he sees fire.
I'm sorry, Daidalos!
But if he's a Fishman,
he doesn't have anything
to worry about.
[IKAROS]
Daida.
[IKAROS sobs]
[IKAROS grunts]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R groans]
No more fire! Got me? Hii?
Oh, no!
That Dried Squid
Spear is dangerous!
It turns back
into a normal squid
by sucking all the fluid
out of anyone it strikes!
That guy's as good as jerky!
[IKAROS]
Ika!
Ika, Ika, Ika, Ika, Ika...
Wow! That's rough!
First he got dried out,
and then this happens?
'Kay, Boss Ikaros!
I think he's had enough!
Isn't it about time we start
making our way
to Conchcorde Plaza?
Muhi! You're right!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE U]
It's too late for that guy.
Leave him here.
Minister! You need
to see this, sir!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT gasps]
Hordy. Is that him up there?
[AMMO KNIGHT B]
I don't see Hordy,
but I do see other men
from the Fishman District!
[AMMO KNIGHT D] They must be
heading to the Conchcorde Plaza!
Damn those bastards!
No way! They still have
King Neptune hostage!
You can't let them beat you!
[NEPTUNE grunts]
Please do something!
Great Knight,
your people need you!
[NEPTUNE] I'm no Great Knight,
not anymore. Look at me!
I can't even save
my poor citizens.
Please hang in there!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
What good is a king's army
if it can't even protect
the king it serves?
We're an embarrassment
to this country.
Sir Ikaros! Just two hours
left till the execution!
Come with us to
Conchcorde Plaza!
[IKAROS]
What happened to Captain Hordy?
Is he not with you?
Why isn't he talking
to me directly-hii?
Huh?
About that...
[HORDY gasping]
[NEPTUNE]
That drug enhances your strength
at the cost of your lifespan.
You shouldn't have taken
it in the first place.
[HORDY]
Shut up!
Captain Hordy was injured!
The human pirate
swordsman cut him
and the gash is
too painful to bear!
[IKAROS] Injured?
The Captain got injured?
His body wouldn't stop hurting,
so he kept taking Energy
Steroids to help kill the pain!
[HORDY gasping]
Now he's messed up.
We told him to stop, but he
wouldn't listen to anyone!
[HORDY groaning]
No, Captain Hordy!
Can't breathe. I can't--
Feel like I'm gonna explode!
Muhi! It's just as I suspected.
The drug's side effects
are bad enough to kill you.
[HORDY screaming]
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm?
Whoa, something's wrong.
[whimpers]
[SEA BEAR A whimpering]
What's wrong with
you now, Sea Bear?
I think he must be afraid!
But all these sea
monsters have been
under Captain Hordy's control
for a really long time now!
I don't know what would
spook him so much.
Uh, is that you, Captain?
You doin' okay there?
But of course.
And why wouldn't I be?
He's alive,
but something changed.
[HORDY]
Huh?
[chuckles]
Some of Neptune's
soldiers are still alive.
[ALL gasp]
Water Shot!
[AMMO KNIGHTS scream]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
[cackling]
[NARRATOR]
Neptune's army is crushed
by the overwhelming might of
the newly-transformed Hordy.
The people's last hope
lies in the three princes
of the Ryugu Kingdom.
Rushing to the scene,
they quickly battle
Hordy's sea monsters,
but his crewmates have
a dirty trick up their sleeves
that could turn the
tables once again.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Battle is on!
At Conchcorde Plaza!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!